hey this is presto Walker and you're
watching mind your decisions here's a
fun logic test which answer in this list
is the correct answer to this question
number one all of the below number two
none of the below number three all of
the above number four one of the above
number five none of the above
number six none of the above I saw this
problem on math Stack Exchange and I'll
mention my videos will make you so smart
that problems like this will start to
seem easy but math is about constant
training just as marathon runners
practice with 5k runs people who solve
the world's hardest problems practice
with easier ones
don't let the math meanies tell you
otherwise in this videos you feature me
I feature you I want to mention Mental
Floss feature one of my logic puzzles
can you guess the secret word in this
brain teaser
check out the Mental Floss article and
check out my video so can you figure out
this problem give it a try and when
you're ready keep watching the video for
a solution so how can we solve this
logic problem well start out by
evaluating each of the statements first
consider statement 1 all of the below if
statement 1 is true that implies all of
the statements below including 5 are
true but if statement 5 is true that
means none of the statements above 5 can
be true including stamen 1 that would
imply stamen 1 has to be false this
means one is a self contradicting
statement and cannot be true so we'll
mark that statement 1 cannot be true now
let's skip stamen 2 for a second and
consider three all of the above if three
is true that implies one is true but we
already concluded one is
self-contradictory and cannot be true
this means three also cannot be true now
let's go to statement two none of the
below if statement two is true that
implies statement 4 has to be false for
says that one of the above is true so if
four is false
that means none of the above can be true
so if four is false since one and three
are already known to be false we must
have that two is false hence we have
that 2 is a self contradictory statement
and also cannot be true now consider
statement 4 if 4 is true then 1 2 or 3
has to be true but we already concluded
that 1 2 & 3
cannot be true this means statement 4
has to be false now let's skip statement
5 for a second and go to statement 6
none of the above if 6 is true then 5
has to be false implying some statement
1 2 3 or 4 has to be true but we already
know 1 2 3 & 4 are false so statement 6
cannot be a true statement so now we're
left with statement 5 none of the above
can 5 be true yes it can if 5 is true we
would need 1 2 3 & 4 to be false which
we already worked out so there's no
contradiction if we have that 5 is a
true statement so the correct answer is
5 did you figure it out thanks for
watching this video these math videos
inspire and build confidence for people
around the world
and they already have over a hundred
million views but the math meanies
unfairly criticized them and spread
their negativity let's be extra positive
to cancel them out please help by
subscribing for free to get the newest
videos and watching and sharing all of
mind your decisions videos you can email
me a puzzle or math topic presh at mind
your decisions comm if you so choose you
can also check out my books which are
linked in the video description and you
can support me on patreon to earn
exclusive rewards thanks for watching
and thanks for your support